Cai Cai is not him
He's a wild man
They had babies.
But not for you.
Brother Chen Ting
tell the truth
I don't know who Doudou's mother is either
What do you mean?
I want to be the lady in the story
Just adopt a child at random
As a result, you accidentally adopted your biological child
You better not lie to me.
My whole family died
Mrs. Gu, you tried your best to arrange this marriage
It is because Jiang Xue gave birth to a child for the Gu family
Now the truth comes out.
Do you still support it?
Jiang Xue, you have disappointed me so much
You are the real liar
corrupt character
A woman with a bad stomach
It's totally off the table.
You still want to marry into our Gu family?
Zhenting cancels the wedding
Auntie don't
In-laws, please forgive Xiaoxue
Stop it, you don't deserve to call me in-law?
Mrs. Gu Xiaoxue loves Mr. Gu too much
That's why I made such a big mistake
I want to be Mrs. Gu
What he loves is my court's money, right?
My brother
You just
Just give me a chance to make up for it
I promise
As long as we are married
I will definitely treat Doudou as my own flesh and blood
I will do my best to give him motherly love.
teaching
A woman like you
Will not treat the Northeast well at all
I called you over for dinner today
I'm not here to discuss marriage with you
I want to tell you
I would never marry this woman
The person I love
It's Caicai, so I misunderstood him
Bad woman marries my daddy and you deserve it too